README.md, before:

# Alexa University Transit

## API Endpoints

<h3>https://feeds.transloc.com/3/routes?agencies={agencyID}</h3>
Routes

<h3>https://feeds.transloc.com/3/vehicle_statuses?agencies={agencyID}</h3>
Vehicle Status

<h3>https://feeds.transloc.com/3/stops?agencies={agencyID}</h3>
Stops

<h3>https://feeds.transloc.com/3/announcements?agencies={agencyID}</h3>
Announcements

## Transit Wrapper Functionality

self.agencyNum = agencyNum
self.agencyInfo = getAllAgencyInfo()
self.getSpecificInfo = self.getSpecificInfo()
if longitude == None and latitude == None and agencyNum != None:
	#latitude, longitude = self.generateRandomStopLongLat(agencyNum)
	self.generateRandomLongitude()
else:
	self.longitude = longitude
	self.latitude = latitude
self.busName = busName
if self.busName == None:
	self.busName = self.findBusName()
self.listOfStops = []
if self.agencyNum == None:
	self.busNumber = convertBusNameToNumber(self.busName)
else:
	self.busNumber = self.agencyNum
self.allInfo = interactions.grabAllInfo(self.busNumber)
self.listOfRoutes = self.findRoutesFromLatLong()
self.nearbyRoutes = self.findNearbyRoutes()
self.activeRoutes = self.returnAllActiveRoutes()
self.activeVehicles = self.allInfo["currentInfo"]["vehicles"]
self.announcements = self.allInfo["Announcements"]['announcements']
#the idea is that you pick one of these routes...
self.routeNumber = self.chooseRoute()
self.stopDatabase = self.findAllStops()
self.stopName = stopName
if self.stopName == None:
	self.stopName = self.findClosestStop()['Data']
self.stopNumber = self.stopName['code']
self.notifcationCount = 0
self.notificationMessages = []
#self.checkForNewAnnouncements()
#self.getArrivalTimes()

```python
self.agencyNum
# This is the agency number that for the bus route```


```python
self.agencyInfo
# This contains info on all Transloc bus routes```

```python
self.getSpecificInfo
# This contains info relevant to the inputted agency ID```

```python
self.longitude
# This refers to the inputted/randomly generated longitude```

```python
self.latitude
# This refers to the inputted/randomly generated latitude```


## Sample Utterances

"What busses are running right now?"

"Where is the nearest stop?"

"How far is the bus"

"What time will the bus be here?"

"Set a default bus"

"What time will the {busName} be here"

"How fast is the {busName} going"

"Is the bus running today?"

"When will the bus be here?"

"How far away is the bus?"

"Am I going to miss the bus?"

"Where is the bus right now?"

"Are there any announcements?"

## Supported Schools

- Adelphi University
- Alabama A&M University
- Atlantic Station Shuttles
- Auburn University
- Ball State University
- Beck Bus-Southern Illinois University, Carbondale
- Biola University
- Boston Children’s Hospital
- Boston College
- Boston University
- Bowling Green State University
- Brandeis University
- Brown University
- Bucknell University
- Burlington Transit
- Capitol Corridor Joint Powers Authority
- Cary Transit
- Central Midlands Transit-The Comet
- Cerritos on Wheels
- Chapel Hill Transit
- Chapman University
- Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta
- City of Airdrie
- City of Fayetteville (Fayetteville Area System Transit)
- City of Gainesville-Regional Transit System
- Clemson Area Transit
- Colgate University
- Columbia University
- Cornish College of the Arts
- Corpus Christi Regional Transportation Authority
- County of Maui – Transportation Department
- Duke University
- East Carolina University
- Eastern Connecticut State University
- Emory University
- Fairfield University
- Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University
- Florida International University
- Florida State University
- Fordham University
- University of Alabama at Birmingham
- University of Tennessee
- Georgetown University
- Georgia College and State University
- Georgia State University
- GoDurham
- GoRaleigh
- GoTriangle
- Greensboro Transit Authority
- Harvard University
- High Point University
- Independence Transit
- Jacksonville Transit
- Jacksonville University
- Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center
- Johns Hopkins Medical Institute
- Johns Hopkins University
- Johnson & Wales University
- Johnson & Wales University: North Miami Campus
- Kennesaw State University
- Lamar University
- Lawrence Technological University
- Lexington Transit Authority
- Life University
- Louisiana State University
- Mansfield University
- Martha’s Vineyard Transit Authority
- MASCO
- Memphis Area Transit Authority
- Mercer University
- Monona Express
- Montgomery County Community College
- Morgan State University
- Nantucket Regional Transit Authority
- New Jersey City University
- New Mexico DOT
- New York University
- North Carolina State University
- North Carolina State University – College of Engineering
- Northern Arizona University
- Northwestern University
- NYU Langone Medical Center
- Oakland University
- Penn State Hershey Medical Center
- Philadelphia University
- Piedmont Authority for Regional Transportation
- Playa Vista Parks & Landscape Corporation
- Princeton University
- University of New Haven
- Quinnipiac University
- Rhode Island College
- Rhode Island School of Design
- Robert Morris University
- Robert W. Woodruff Library, Atlanta University Center
- Rochester Institute of Technology
- Rock Island County Metropolitan Mass Transit District (MetroLINK)
- Rowan University
- San Jose International Airport
- Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority
- Savannah College of Art & Design
- Savannah College of Art & Design – Atlanta
- Southern Illinois University, Carbondale
- StarMetro
- Stevens Institute of Technology
- Swarthmore College
- Texas Christian University
- The M Transit System
- The Pennsylvania State University-Main Campus
- The University of Alabama, Tuscaloosa
- The University of Alabama at Birmingham
- The University of Arizona
- The University of Chicago
- The University of Maryland, Baltimore County
- The University of Texas at Arlington
- The University of Toledo
- The University of Vermont
- Troy University
- Tuscaloosa Transit Authority (TTA)
- UF Health Shands Hospital – UFL
- United States Military Academy
- University of Iowa
- University of Kentucky
- University of Maryland-College Park
- University of Massachusetts Boston
- University of Memphis
- University of New Haven
- University of North Alabama
- University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
- University of North Florida
- University of Rochester
- University of South Carolina-Columbia
- University of Tennessee
- University of Virginia
- University of Western Sydney
- University of West Florida Main Campus
- University of Wyoming
- Virginia Commonwealth University
- Wake Forest University
- Widener University
- Yale University

Commit message:

Added bus name and number to the readme

README.md, after:

# Alexa University Transit

## API Endpoints

<h3>https://feeds.transloc.com/3/routes?agencies={agencyID}</h3>
Routes

<h3>https://feeds.transloc.com/3/vehicle_statuses?agencies={agencyID}</h3>
Vehicle Status

<h3>https://feeds.transloc.com/3/stops?agencies={agencyID}</h3>
Stops

<h3>https://feeds.transloc.com/3/announcements?agencies={agencyID}</h3>
Announcements

## Transit Wrapper Functionality

self.agencyNum = agencyNum
self.agencyInfo = getAllAgencyInfo()
self.getSpecificInfo = self.getSpecificInfo()
if longitude == None and latitude == None and agencyNum != None:
	#latitude, longitude = self.generateRandomStopLongLat(agencyNum)
	self.generateRandomLongitude()
else:
	self.longitude = longitude
	self.latitude = latitude
self.busName = busName
if self.busName == None:
	self.busName = self.findBusName()
self.listOfStops = []
if self.agencyNum == None:
	self.busNumber = convertBusNameToNumber(self.busName)
else:
	self.busNumber = self.agencyNum
self.allInfo = interactions.grabAllInfo(self.busNumber)
self.listOfRoutes = self.findRoutesFromLatLong()
self.nearbyRoutes = self.findNearbyRoutes()
self.activeRoutes = self.returnAllActiveRoutes()
self.activeVehicles = self.allInfo["currentInfo"]["vehicles"]
self.announcements = self.allInfo["Announcements"]['announcements']
#the idea is that you pick one of these routes...
self.routeNumber = self.chooseRoute()
self.stopDatabase = self.findAllStops()
self.stopName = stopName
if self.stopName == None:
	self.stopName = self.findClosestStop()['Data']
self.stopNumber = self.stopName['code']
self.notifcationCount = 0
self.notificationMessages = []
#self.checkForNewAnnouncements()
#self.getArrivalTimes()

```python
self.agencyNum
# This is the agency number that for the bus route```


```python
self.agencyInfo
# This contains info on all Transloc bus routes```

```python
self.getSpecificInfo
# This contains info relevant to the inputted agency ID```

```python
self.longitude
# This refers to the inputted/randomly generated longitude```

```python
self.latitude
# This refers to the inputted/randomly generated latitude```

```python
self.busName
# This refers to the short name of the bus system.  Ie: yale, catbus, etc.```

```python
self.busNumber
# This ALSO refers to the agencyNum...```


## Sample Utterances

"What busses are running right now?"

"Where is the nearest stop?"

"How far is the bus"

"What time will the bus be here?"

"Set a default bus"

"What time will the {busName} be here"

"How fast is the {busName} going"

"Is the bus running today?"

"When will the bus be here?"

"How far away is the bus?"

"Am I going to miss the bus?"

"Where is the bus right now?"

"Are there any announcements?"

## Supported Schools

- Adelphi University
- Alabama A&M University
- Atlantic Station Shuttles
- Auburn University
- Ball State University
- Beck Bus-Southern Illinois University, Carbondale
- Biola University
- Boston Children’s Hospital
- Boston College
- Boston University
- Bowling Green State University
- Brandeis University
- Brown University
- Bucknell University
- Burlington Transit
- Capitol Corridor Joint Powers Authority
- Cary Transit
- Central Midlands Transit-The Comet
- Cerritos on Wheels
- Chapel Hill Transit
- Chapman University
- Children’s Healthcare of Atlanta
- City of Airdrie
- City of Fayetteville (Fayetteville Area System Transit)
- City of Gainesville-Regional Transit System
- Clemson Area Transit
- Colgate University
- Columbia University
- Cornish College of the Arts
- Corpus Christi Regional Transportation Authority
- County of Maui – Transportation Department
- Duke University
- East Carolina University
- Eastern Connecticut State University
- Emory University
- Fairfield University
- Florida Agricultural and Mechanical University
- Florida International University
- Florida State University
- Fordham University
- University of Alabama at Birmingham
- University of Tennessee
- Georgetown University
- Georgia College and State University
- Georgia State University
- GoDurham
- GoRaleigh
- GoTriangle
- Greensboro Transit Authority
- Harvard University
- High Point University
- Independence Transit
- Jacksonville Transit
- Jacksonville University
- Johns Hopkins Bayview Medical Center
- Johns Hopkins Medical Institute
- Johns Hopkins University
- Johnson & Wales University
- Johnson & Wales University: North Miami Campus
- Kennesaw State University
- Lamar University
- Lawrence Technological University
- Lexington Transit Authority
- Life University
- Louisiana State University
- Mansfield University
- Martha’s Vineyard Transit Authority
- MASCO
- Memphis Area Transit Authority
- Mercer University
- Monona Express
- Montgomery County Community College
- Morgan State University
- Nantucket Regional Transit Authority
- New Jersey City University
- New Mexico DOT
- New York University
- North Carolina State University
- North Carolina State University – College of Engineering
- Northern Arizona University
- Northwestern University
- NYU Langone Medical Center
- Oakland University
- Penn State Hershey Medical Center
- Philadelphia University
- Piedmont Authority for Regional Transportation
- Playa Vista Parks & Landscape Corporation
- Princeton University
- University of New Haven
- Quinnipiac University
- Rhode Island College
- Rhode Island School of Design
- Robert Morris University
- Robert W. Woodruff Library, Atlanta University Center
- Rochester Institute of Technology
- Rock Island County Metropolitan Mass Transit District (MetroLINK)
- Rowan University
- San Jose International Airport
- Santa Clara Valley Transportation Authority
- Savannah College of Art & Design
- Savannah College of Art & Design – Atlanta
- Southern Illinois University, Carbondale
- StarMetro
- Stevens Institute of Technology
- Swarthmore College
- Texas Christian University
- The M Transit System
- The Pennsylvania State University-Main Campus
- The University of Alabama, Tuscaloosa
- The University of Alabama at Birmingham
- The University of Arizona
- The University of Chicago
- The University of Maryland, Baltimore County
- The University of Texas at Arlington
- The University of Toledo
- The University of Vermont
- Troy University
- Tuscaloosa Transit Authority (TTA)
- UF Health Shands Hospital – UFL
- United States Military Academy
- University of Iowa
- University of Kentucky
- University of Maryland-College Park
- University of Massachusetts Boston
- University of Memphis
- University of New Haven
- University of North Alabama
- University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill
- University of North Florida
- University of Rochester
- University of South Carolina-Columbia
- University of Tennessee
- University of Virginia
- University of Western Sydney
- University of West Florida Main Campus
- University of Wyoming
- Virginia Commonwealth University
- Wake Forest University
- Widener University
- Yale University
